---
tags:
  - game/session
sector: Tenzig
---
[[Tenzig Sessions]]
# Notes

- See also [[Gm Notes]]
- lucas - [[Roy Kertzman]]: what are these fabbers? work? 13 lost religions of sky!
- jerome - [[Cyrus Albright]]: hunt for certain object, searching for AI core
	- Cyrus: shipyards may be a living entity. maybe unknown to cy.
	- Cyrus is seeking AI core, or codes to keep shipyards humming
	- Enemies may be Yplisanti spies/diplomatic corp seeking to undermine [[Eurymem]] hegemony
- jared -- [[Alex Watts]]dumb robot, good at fixing things, tagalong
- sam - [[LT Jimmy Harewood]] ; bought everyone a round
- matt: [[Joe Chip]]: luddite; 
	- JC may not like fabbers
	- JC: psychic corporations, govts: exploitative
	- - JC has encountered burned out (feral) psychics before, dangerous


- aliens: rare, unseen
- rumor: the fabbers of [[Lycos]] lead to the degradation of the human spirit
- rumor: the archivists may be divided on the dissemination of the [[Great Archive]] knowledge
- rumor: [[Savris]] > [[Cantho]] cybercommunists may use AI or enslaved Psychics to run the economy. 
- rumor: they worship psychics (a lure?)

# XP Awards

- 1xp for a usual session
- 2xp completion of a group mission
- 1xp personal short-term goal
- 3xp personal long-term goal
- 1xp for wasting 1-2000 credits
# Help Wanted

- Anon on the CraigsList is looking for some agents for a [[Repo Job]],  (1500 cr)
- meet up with [[Danesh Ashari]] -- scholar, looks to extract more from the [[Great Archive]] (1000cr)
- Anonymous, looking for "strong spirits, who oppose the venality of machine providing us with all our desires; to meet and help us spread our word" (800cr)
- [[Aleta Carranzo]] -- engineer looking for some hands to help in maintenance and security out in the wilderlands (800 cr)

# [[Roy Kertzmann.pdf|Roy Kertzman]] (Lucas)

- I placed [[Telyx-7]] , orbiting [[Cantho]] in the [[Savris]] (0402) system.  I am thinking it's a giant mining concern, but also junkyard, with scavengers, hustlers, merchants and fixers making deals among the scrap without regard to legality.
- There is rumored to be a rare mineral mined in the [[908 Porth]] asteroid belt of the [[Rado]] (0303) system

### Possible Goals: 

- [ ] getting a solid lead on some psitech-sympathetic materials ([[cherambilth]]?)
- [ ] more points for scoring some
- [ ] Getting to see a fabber in operation
- [ ] contacting the [[Stewards of the Grails]]

# [[Cyrus Albright]] (Jerome)

- An Hypsilan spy is in the [[Rado]] system, and has ingratiated themself with the [[Heirs of Carderas]], the pirates who make their home among the rocks of [[908 Porth]], the asteroid belt of the [[Rado]] system. For what purpose, you don't yet know.
  
- The shipyards of [[Eurymem]] are more frequently malfunctioning, with dire consequences.  This must be kept quiet, and meanwhile you may be on the lookout for a replacement AI core.

- Your (handler, superior, mentor) has asked you to discreetly take note of any [[Osiron Empire of Fate]] ships that have arrived in the [[Rado]] system in the past 30 days.
  
- They will pay you handsomely for obtaining any data on the design, manufacture, or curation of AI cores.  There is suspicion that this sensitive data may be highly guarded in the [[Great Archive]]

### Possible Goals:

- [ ] A [[Repo Job]] may yield a ship of our own
- [ ] Obtain data on AI core  design, manufacture, or curation from the [[Great Archive]]
- [ ] Find a great engineer ([[Aleta Carranzo]]?) and deliver a job offer (encrypted datapad)
- [ ] Find evidence of [[Osiron Empire of Fate]] ship activity in [[908 Porth]] and report it.

# [[Joe Chip]] (Matt)

- Planet [[Yakihah]], in the [[Daphne]] (0605) system, is secretly ruled by megacorps that have "enlisted" psychics to do their bidding, resulting in economic and physical violence that has wracked the world. [[New Dawn League]] and [[Silverlight Amalgamated]] are two.
- Joe is opposed to the use of fabbers and may be sympathetic to the [[Spirit Liberation Front]]
## Possible Goals
- [x] [[Perope]] (0404) > [[Tabet]] has an underground psychic academy. Some pyschics on [[Lycos]] need to get there. Help them, discreetly.
- [x] Attend a rally of the [[Spirit Liberation Front]] and make some contacts
- [x] Complete a mission assigned by the [[Spirit Liberation Front]]
- [ ] Convert someone to stand up for psychic rights

# [[Alex Watts]] (Jared)
- The science ship [[Charybdis]] was studying [[MCXT Scylla]] when all comms were lost.  They hinted at a major scientific breakthrough before we lost contact.

- [[The Graves]] on [[Arnorun]] (0603) are the ruins of a vast complex of pre-Scream origin, said to contain priceless secret knowledge.
- You've heard a rumor that the [[Inuar]] were a species of synthetic intelligence, with ruins in the [[908 Porth]] belt.

## Possible Goals
- [ ] Investigate the [[908 Porth]] belt and find evidence of intelligent synthetics
- [ ] Overcome a problem by fixing a machine
- [ ] Re-discover some lost scientific knowledge
# [[LT Jimmy Harewood]] (Sam) 

Your skills made you extremely useful -- and extremely expendable -- for ships crossing the great voids. Piracy, space beasts, bandits, all required the force of arms to keep your paying charges safe. 

You last remember having your legs before the battle at [[Daphne]] (0605) > [[Gallial]].

## Possible Goals
- [ ] Heal a teammate or yourself
- [ ] Take out an enemy in melee combat


# More

[[Session 2025-03-05 3200.064]]
