---
tags:
  - game/session
sector: Tenzig
---
[[Tenzig Sessions]]
# Start

The PCs answered a space CraigsList help wanted ad from [[Danesh Ashari]], an academic from [[Eurymem]]. Oh hey! That's the world from where [[Cyrus Albright]] hails.

They meet at [[The Blast Furnace]], a sterotypical cyberpunk club.  They are initailly thwarted by Jonah, the bouncer with 8 years of community college under his belt and a love of grammatically-correct knock-knock jokes.

# Danesh
They meet [[Danesh Ashari]] and he tells them he is a anthropologist studying Pre-Scream knowledge.  He enlists the players (1000cr) to meet with the  miners of [[Okotoks]] in the belt [[908 Porth]] and ask them about the ancient ruins they have discovered in the belt. He says that the University will not allow him to spend more that that on a gang of mercernaries to investigate his far-fetched theories.

Also Danesh cannot stomach zero-g.

[[Joe Chip]] connects with Danesh on a deeper sub-concious level and feels no emotion beyond genuine curiosity.

Danesh has heard that the miners have encountered [[Voidsquids]] that have made their lives difficult.

Danesh would like an update in a space-week (7 space-days).  He recommends finding out about their needs -- antimicrobials, spare parts -- before getting there.

Don't forger a vacc suit!

# Capitán

The gang chats with the bartender Alvorez and eventully are led to *Capitán [[Javier Suerte Varrin]]* a good pilot with bad luck.   [[Alex Watts]] does an incredible job of recalibrating the M-Wave manifold integrator on *Suerte*'s ship ([[Maré Serena]]) was enough to get passage and +100cr on top.

We are on our way to the belt! 48 hour.

# Other
[[Cyrus Albright]] goes heads-down in learning  [[Arispana]], the language of this system.

[[Session 2025-03-12 3200.067]]


