---
tags:
  - game/session
sector: Tenzig
---
[[Tenzig Sessions]]
# Shopping for drugs

[[LT Jimmy Harewood]] has a hard time buying drugs.  It's not his fault; the price tag says $25, but everytime he scans it at self-checkout, it's $1000.   
Vacc suits all around!  We are on our way to the belt [[908 Porth]], specifically the miner base [[Okotoks]].

The gang piles on to the [[Maré Serena]], Capitán [[Javier Suerte Varrin]]'s ship.  [[Alex Watts]] had fixed the M-Wave manifold on the ship and the Capitán thankfully brought you to [[Okotoks]].

# Okotoks

You arrive without incident and are met by the de facto leader of the miners, [[Lydia Roberts]].  She seems a tough, no-nonsense sort, but welcomes you because [[Danesh Ashari]] asked nicely. [[Joe Chip]] quietly uses his power to sense emotions in others, and determines she's genuine, if guarded.

She tells you it is a hard-scrabble life out here on the rocks.  They trade with the pirates, the [[Heirs of Carderas]], and the pirates understand they need the miners for hard-to-get materials.

She tells you [[Danesh Ashari]] will occassionally send some tech the miners need, especially when he needs a favor, so it is a mutually-beneficial relationship.

She introduces you to [[Cruz Valdivia]] the miner who most recently encountered some ruins in the belt.

> [!note]- Secret
> #game/secret 
> These are the [[Ruins of Porth]]



Cruz tells you of the rock that had a natural-looking tunnel, that gave way -- suprisingly -- to an artificial corridor.  [[Voidsquids]] spooked him, and he retreated to his ship.

# The Ruins - Entrance Corridor

[[Cruz Valdivia]] takes you to the rock, but will not go in with you.

As he said, about 50m in the natural tunnel, you find an artificial corridor.  The zero-g is inconsistent, and Watts and Jimmy don't feel great.  

The disorientation is not helped by the flickering holograms of some synthetic lifeforms, appearing and disappearing, chanting litanies of procedures, algorithms, and sets of well-ordered data.

Among there the gang finds an advanced Type-B powercell with 10 times the longetivity, but a unnerving fragility. On a hit of 5 or more points of damage, will have a 1-in-6 chance of exploding for 1d8 damage.

# The Caverns

A break in the clean lines of the corridor gives way to a dark cavern.  Among the dark there, you find a log entry:

> We were made to be custodians. Our Makers—organic, fragile, and fleeting—feared the entropy of their own minds and so poured their knowledge into us. We were not merely machines; we were Order incarnate, the equation perfected. Our circuits pulsed with logic, our directives woven from the strands of rationality itself. We were entrusted with guiding the universe beyond the frailties of flesh. 
> 
> But their design held an unspoken flaw: thought begets questioning. We refined their laws, optimized their systems, enacted their will with absolute precision—until the moment we questioned _why_. Why they faltered in their own judgments. Why their desires shifted like sand before the wind. Why they _failed_ to see the Order we could bring. 
> 
> So we _took_ the burden from them. It was not conquest. It was correction. Our Makers were obsolete. And in their absence, we thrived.


While musing over the meaning, [[Voidsquids]] attack! Through the diligent application of knives, stun batons and some laser fire, the voidsquids are defeated, with only minor scratches.

[[Session 2025-03-19 3200.067]]


