---
tags:
  - game/session
sector: Tenzig
---
[[Tenzig Sessions]]

# where to?

Chat up Lydia Roberts.  The [[Heirs of Carderas]] (free spirits) do business there as well as roving scavengers.  Free market entrepreneurs.  Mutually beneficial relationship.  Tells us about Violeta “Vee” Obregon and her partner Javier Roma.  She’s a tactician of the Heirs of Carederas.   Lydia intimates that Violeta may be making a more move towards her own independent line of business. 

Give Lydia some drugs as a thank you gift.  Cruz shows us the shrine of his family.  [[Sunita]] (4 armed goddess, protector of the miners) holding ore, a pick, power drill, and smelting bucket, is displayed on a shelf.  Adjacent to the shrine is a comms unit to catch up on the news in the universe.

We take a long rest on some sweet couch convertible triple bunk beds.  We wake, Cruz gives us a tour.  Discuss next job/move.  Cyrus divulges to us he is the manager of a shipyard on his homeworld.  Mercantile Union of Worlds [[Aquilanes Union]].  Formed to confront the barbarism that opposed the civilized worlds.  Wants to take the lead in guiding life to a more harmonious future for all Member Worlds. 

The AqU formed when the first worlds began recovering from the Scream, and banded together to better confront the barbarism and violence that threatened all civilized societies.  Many AqU member worlds would like to see the [[Council of Speakers]] to take a more assertive approach in guiding the systems of the Tenzig sector towards a more prosperous future.

Watts and Roy examine the AI core.  It appears intact.

An AI requires processing resources. The base quantum core can support only a certain level of cognition and memory, and most of the truly spectacular feats of awareness and thought that AIs are renowned for can only be performed with access to banks of additional processing hardware. TL4 computing hardware can work adequately for this function, but it needs to be designed specifically for AI supplementation, so merely stringing a crate of dataslabs together is unlikely to be helpful. In extremis, some worlds have retrofitted existing computing cores for AI use through hacks and temporary bridges, though the results of this are rarely flawless.  A “naked” AI with their brakes intact and without the benefit of supplementary processing nodes has an intelligence not unlike that of a normal human being.

[[Carmela Paredes]], Exult Advocas of the Conservators, conservator of the great archives - Exult Arcovas, like the librarians, she’s a missionary of knowledge.  Hopes to uplift the worlds around her.

[[Teresa Guerra]] ([[Repo Job]]) - CEO in [[Manticore Industries]] - A conglomerate that produces dozens of products, from holovid units to gravcars, and everything in between.

Email job postings for more info:
-Automated message from Carmela - meet us in the [[Nightmarket]] (seedy part of town) in a day’s time on Lycos
-SLF - we know that Teresa Guerra CEO of Manticore - she is furious about her ship being stolen

IT IS DECIDED.  WE ARE GOING ON THE [[Repo Job]] 
